hello on cyber viewer and this is my
review of the verbatim micro USB flash
memory card or memory chip let's get it
out of the envelope here it is as you
can see it's really small looks very
nice apparently these are available in
up to 32 gigabytes I will start by
getting it out of the packaging and this
not use on scissors
so I was pretty difficult
get it out of the packaging very nice
packed when you're not gonna be taking
this out of the box in just a few
seconds like I've thought here is the
drive itself as you can see it's really
small comparing to my finger really
small this is absolutely something you
want to have on your keychain for your
most important data some cool features
it's a waterproof it's available in up
to 32 gigabytes in this size now the way
it's designed is if I take care it
regular USB port like this this is
pretty much the same thing except that
it doesn't have this frame around it the
metal frame here so instead of having
the frame it's just the clock itself
which is why you will see the connectors
there on the bottom so if I would be
connecting this to a USB port it will
just go into it like this the drive
itself is compatible with USB 2 ports
and USB 1 ports I think it's also
compatible with USB 3 but I'm not really
sure and it's compatible with Windows
Mac and Linux all versions of Windows
believe all versions of Mac and the same
of Linux this is a really small drive as
you can see here but it's absolutely
amazing I don't know what to say you can
see it here on my keychain that it's
extremely small it's extremely portable
you you'll bring it wherever you're
going just put this into a USB hub
wherever you are for your most important
data
looks fantastic
this is obviously not the best blaster
on the market but it's so portable so
small waterproof and compatible with all
operating systems and that makes it
awesome so this was my review of a
verbatim for gigabyte USB micro Drive I
hope you enjoyed